c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
c:\users\c.ruesca\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
D:\Facultad\2019\Segundo Cuatrimestre\Trabajo de Diploma\Api Rest\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
C:\Users\FEDERICO\Desktop\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\c.ruesca\Desktop\Personal\Facultad\Tique\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
